welcome back to recapped today i am
going to show you a action slash crime
film from 1998 titled thursday
spoilers ahead
watch out and take care the movie opens
in a convenience store one late night
with a small-time drug dealer named nick
he is trying to decide what coffee brand
to buy
his ex-lover dallas and fellow hitman
billy hill are getting impatient and
tell him to hurry up nick finally choose
chocolate macadamia but the dispenser is
empty he complains to the cashier the
next morning nick shows up on the
doorstep of casey wells an old partner
from his days as a drug dealer in los
angeles casey has cleaned up his life
he is now a married architect and is
looking to adopt a child with his wife
nick leaves a couple of suitcases in
casey's guest room before leaving to run
some errands after nick leaves casey
becomes suspicious of one of the
suitcases and eventually opens it to
find it filled with heroin after calling
nick to yell at him for bringing drugs
into his home he disposes of all of it
in the kitchen sink
ice a jamaican roster hitman enters
casey's house and is about to kill him
but casey manages to persuade him to
have a last smoke of marijuana
after having smoked ice is about to kill
casey when ice's cell phone rings ice
begins to rap over the phone in an
effort to clinch a record deal and casey
seizes the moment and knocks him out
casey then ties him up and leaves him in
his garage
a representative from the adoption
agency comes to interview casey about
his fitness to be a father the
representative is particularly curious
to know what casey did for several years
when he lived in la as there is no
account of his time there casey tries
his best to cover up his past as well as
his recent encounter with a hitman
during the interview alice who wants the
money that she believes nick left with
casey along with the heroine shows up
she scares away the representative from
the adoption agency by telling a story
about casey's drug dealing and murdering
past
when left alone with casey dallas
questions him about the money's
whereabouts angry that he cannot help
her she decides to kill him but not
before she gives him fellatio to force
an erection
she then proceeds to strip naked and
proceeds to have sex with him without
his consent
while dallas reaches a third orgasm hill
breaks in and shoots her splattering her
blood all over casey his walls and his
floor
billy believes casey when told that he
does not have the heroin but plans on
torturing him with a saw and a blow
torch anyhow while he brags about his
prowess and technique of cauterization
as he sets to work
hill is interrupted by cops ironically
raiding the house next door as billy
checks on it casey is able to loosen the
tape around his wrists and grabs a
frying pan and sits back down
billy returns and tells casey the cops
got the wrong house as he is about to
proceed he notices something is wrong
but catching billy off guard casey
overpowers him and leaves him in the
garage
nick calls casey from a pay phone
apologizes for everything and admits he
had stolen the heroine and money from
the police
after he hangs up it is revealed to us
that nick has been shot and is bleeding
severely seemingly about to die
finally a corrupt cop arrives with a bag
which contains nick's head
he gives casey until 7pm to find the
money but tells him that he does not
care about the heroine
the cop then sees the garage with ice
and billy tied up in dallas dead and
unloads a magazine into ice and billy he
then tells casey to throw them out as it
is garbage day he recalls nick's earlier
words which promptly lead him to find
the money and a wedding present in the
spare tire of his car in the end casey
calls ice's boss and tells him that the
heroine is being auctioned off at 7pm at
his house
the movie ends as we see the cops and
the jamaicans both armed about to meet
each other at the house
casey meets his wife at an airport and
tells her to come with him to france she
accepts after casey shows her 1 million
they speed off to catch the next flight
to paris
make sure to subscribe and turn on post
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching